- [Instructor] Now that we have created a basic
Spring MVC project using Spring Boot, let us deep-dive into
the Controllers concept for Spring MVC.
Now we already know that Controllers is basically the
C component of Spring MVC and in order that
it gets designated as a Controller you
have to annotate its class with @Controller annotation.
We have already done this inside the home Controller before.
There are few Controller specific annotations and objects
that we definitely need to know of before we start
implementing the use cases for the HPlus application
so that when we implement them it'll be comfortable for us.
The first one in that list is @RequestParam.
This annotation is primarily to make sure
that you receive the request parameters from
the incoming HTTP request inside your Controller.
So if you attach this annotation at your method argument
then you will be able to extract those values.
The next one is Model or ModelMap.
Model is an interface and ModelMap
is an implementation of that interface.
And both of these can be used to store the information
for your views in the form of key end value params.
So the data that you want to display on your JSP pages
can be stored inside either of them.
ModelAndView also pretty much serves the same purpose.
The difference being that this object can
allow you to hold the name of the view and the data
on the JSP in one single return type.
Just to be clear, in our previous demo the Controller
method had a return type of String and
we returned to the name of the View.
ModelAndView can help us contain both,
the name of the View and the data
that we want to display on the JSP.
Lastly, there is another annotation called @ModelAttribute
and this is one of the most crucial ones that
we want to use as a part of Spring MVC.
This facilitates data binding.
Now what is data binding?
Let's say you have a form and you have many fields for it,
when you submit that form you have to convert
those form fields into a JAVA object
so that you can use it for further processing.
Conversely, when you go from your Controller to the View
you need to be able to use that JAVA object to
display the values on your JSP pages.
Now, if you do this conventionally using the server JSP API
you will have to invoke the request or get
parameter method for every field on the form.
It is quite a painful process and it is also prone
to errors but this @ModelAttribute annotation
that we have in Spring MVC will do that job for us.
So when you attach this @ModelAttribute to the
method argument or on a method level then Spring MVC
is going to take care for auto conversion and
parsing of those form fields into a JAVA object.
So basically it will do the job of data binding for you.
Now, in the next demo we are going to implement
the Search use case in our HPlus application.
So what is that use case exactly?
Let's go back to our application that was running.
So if you see on our home page we have this search hyperlink
so when I click on search hyperlink I will get a
text box for searching a product name, I can enter some text
and then I can search for the products.
That link is not implemented yes so I cannot show
you the entire page but that's exactly what
we are trying to implement as a part of the use case.
How are we going to implement this?
So there will be a JSP that we have.
From the JSP we are going to make sure that
we hit a request to one of our Controller classes.
The Controller class is then going to
give a call to the repository class.
Now the repository class is a part
of the Spring Java persistence API, JPA integration.
We've already said before that I'm going to work
with Spring JPA inside that application.
So this is an optional class, you can either have a
JDBC class or a HyperNet class or any other
on the line database interaction that you want to use.
So the flow will be like this,
we will come to JSP and then we have to go to Controller and
then the repository, get all the data from the database,
come back to controller and display
all the search results back on the JSP.
So we will start with the demo in the next video.